{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf190
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 SIREN 
\b0\fs24 \

\fs28 * Interactive and visual redescription mining * \
\
\

\b\fs24 Installation
\b0 \
\
Copy the file 
\i Siren
\i0  to your 
\i Applications
\i0  folder (or anywhere else outside the disk image).\
\
\

\b Running the program
\b0 \
\
Double-click the program icon. You will find help under Help menu. The manual is included in the disk image as UserGuide.pdf.\
\
\

\b Note for users of OS X with Gatekeeper activated (10.7.5 and newer)\
\

\b0 The Siren application is not digitally signed. Therefore, users with OS X Gatekeeper active cannot run the Siren application by double-clicking it. An attempt to do so will result in an error message. In order to open Siren for the first time, you need to right-click (command-click) the Siren icon, and select "Open" from the contextual menu. You only need to do this for the first launch after every re-installation of Siren. More information about Gatekeeper can be found at http://support.apple.com/kb/HT5290 .\
\
\

\b More information
\b0 \
\
See http://www.cs.helsinki.fi/u/galbrun/redescriptors/siren/ \
\
\

\b License
\b0 \
\
Siren is licensed under Apache License v2.0. See attached file "LICENSE". Siren includes third-party code, available under different licenses. For those, see folder \'94third-party-licenses\'94 and contents therein.\
\
\
\'a9 Esther Galbrun and Pauli Miettinen, 2012\'962014\
}